Fishing Tree:

Bottom Trawling:
2a: Bigger nets : Increase the size of nets used. Each upgrade increases profits by 5%
2b: More boats : Add more boats to your fleet. Each upgrade increases profits by 7%
3a: Longer fishing time : Trawl for longer periods of time. Each upgrade increases profits by 3%
3b: Bigger fish holds : Increase the holding capacity for fish in each boat. Each upgrade increases profits by 8%

More info:
Trawling is one of the most popular fishing methods. Trawling is when boats drag large, cone-shaped nets behind them. Bottom trawling specifically is a similar method, except with added weighs to keep the net gliding along the bottom. The main fish that are caught using this method are shrimp, code, sole, and flounder. However, many other types of fish/marine wildlife are caught such as hundred-year-old coral and other unwanted animals. Bottom trawling is so popular and efficient that in 2007 alone, over 800,000,000 pounds of marine life were captured. Unfortunately, of that 800 million, up to 90% of that could be bycatch, or unwanted organisms caught. Along with bycatch, large marine ecosystems are destroyed using this method. Not only do the nets take large amounts of unwanted fish, but it also is the leading causes of physical marine ecosystem damage.

Drift-Netting:
2a: Bigger nets : Increase the size of nets used. Each upgrade increases profits by 5%
2b: More nets : Put more nets in the water. Each upgrade increases profits by 6%
3a: Longer fishing time : Leave nets in the water for an increased period of time. Each upgrade increases profits by 4%
3b: Decrease bycatch (in other words more of just the fish) : Improve techniques to reduce unwanted fish caught. Each upgrade increases profits by 7%

More info:
Drift nets are among the most simple and ancient methods of fishing. Drift nets are meshes of sheet nets that are held somewhat vertically in the water by weights at the bottom and buoys at the top. The net is left for a short amount of time before being picked up by a fishing boat. The nets are allowed to float with water currents or winds. The main focus of drift nets are to capture tuna, swordfish, and salmon. Drift netting is among the most efficient fishing techniques and some argue that drift nets beat all other competition. Drift nets produce a large amount of bycatch, especially from bigger marine wildlife like sharks and dolphins. Because these animals are large, somewhat slow-moving, and take a long time to grow and reproduce, it is a large issue that so many are caught and killed by accident by the drift nets.